DOCSP-49765: 5.5 performance improvements (#105)
10gen/docs-shared: dbx/jvm/v5.5-wn-items.rst

   improvement percentages for all Java drivers.

   The tests were conducted on the ``localhost`` server with a
   negligible network latency. In higher-latency environments, 
   you might see less significant performance improvements.

The following table shows the results of performance improvement 
tests for v5.5 of the driver configured with standard transport settings:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :stub-columns: 1
   :widths: 50 25 25

   * - Feature
     - Percent Improvement
     - Z-score

   * - Deep BSON decoding
     - 19.44%
     - 5.4

   * - Deep BSON encoding
     - 102%
     - 22.8

   * - Find many and empty the cursor
     - 25.08%
     - 13.72

   * - Find one by ID
     - 2.7%
     - 3.16

   * - Flat BSON decoding
     - 31.2%
     - 9.38

   * - Flat BSON encoding
     - 199.5%
     - 12.34

   * - Full BSON decoding
     - 16.5%
     - 7.23

   * - Full BSON encoding
     - 147.3%
     - 10.39

   * - LDJSON multi-file import
     - 21.8%
     - 8.21

   * - Client ``BulkWrite`` insert with large documents
     - 91.3%
     - 24.44

   * - Collection ``BulkWrite`` insert with large documents
     - 96.5%
     - 8.79

>    * - Bulk insert with large documents

Reviewer: It looks like we’re missing one for standard settings:
Small doc bulk insert  (or `Bulk insert with small documents` to align with naming pattern on the page)
| 39.3% | 5.72 z-score.

- Introduces performance improvements that are reflected in the driver performance
  benchmarks. To view the results of the performance benchmark tests, see the following
  :ref:`java-5.5-performance-improvements` section.

.. _java-5.5-performance-improvements:

Performance Improvements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. note::

   The tables in this section show the performance
   results of the synchronous Java driver. The improvements
   were made in the shared driver core and we expect similar performance
   improvement percentages for all Java drivers.

   The tests were conducted on MongoDB Server 8.0 with
   the following configuration:

   - Running on ``localhost`` with negligible network latency.
     In higher-latency environments, you might see less significant
     performance improvements.
   - Authentication disabled.

>    - TLS enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - TLS disabled.
```

> .. note::
> 
>    The tables in this section show the performance
>    results of the synchronous Java driver. The improvements
>    were made in the shared driver core and we expect similar performance
>    improvement percentages for all Java drivers.
> 
>    The tests were conducted on MongoDB Server 8.0 with
>    the following configuration:
> 
>    - Running on ``localhost`` with negligible network latency.
>      In higher-latency environments, you might see less significant
>      performance improvements.
>    - Authentication disabled.
>    - TLS disabled.

Reviewer 2: S: just a formatting suggestion for flow

```suggestion
The tables in this section show the results of performance tests
for the synchronous Java driver. The tests were conducted on a MongoDB
Server 8.0 deployment with the following configuration:

   - Running on ``localhost`` with negligible network latency.
     In higher-latency environments, you might see less significant
     performance improvements.
   - Authentication disabled.
   - TLS disabled.
   
We expect similar performance increases for all MongoDB
Java drivers because they share the improved ``driver-core`` package.
```

>    

Reviewer 2: S: maybe add a subheading for each table?

```suggestion
   Standard Transport Settings
   ```````````````````````````
```

> The following table shows the results of performance improvement 

Reviewer 2: S:

```suggestion
The following table shows the results of performance 
```

tests for v5.5 of the driver configured with standard transport settings:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :stub-columns: 1
   :widths: 50 25 25

   * - Feature
     - Percent Improvement

>      - Z-score

Reviewer 2: Q: Will enough people know what this is? I've never heard of it. You could describe the table format in the intro and then link to Wikipedia if you don't want to explain it

   * - Deep BSON decoding
     - 19.44%
     - 5.4

   * - Deep BSON encoding
     - 102%
     - 22.8

>    * - Find many and empty the cursor

Reviewer 2: does it make sense to use specific method names in this column (e.g. `FindMany()`), similar to what you did for `BulkWrite`?

Author: Modified all to just describe the operation, rather than use a method name/class

     - 25.08%
     - 13.72

   * - Find one by ID
     - 2.7%
     - 3.16

   * - Flat BSON decoding
     - 31.2%
     - 9.38

   * - Flat BSON encoding
     - 199.5%
     - 12.34

   * - Full BSON decoding
     - 16.5%
     - 7.23

   * - Full BSON encoding
     - 147.3%
     - 10.39

>    * - LDJSON multi-file import

Reviewer 2: Q: do we use 'LDJSON' elsewhere in the docs? don't think i've ever seen it

Author: Wikipedia uses JSON-LD, so I edited and linked to the wikipedia page

     - 21.8%
     - 8.21

   * - Client ``BulkWrite`` insert with large documents
     - 91.3%
     - 24.44

   * - Collection ``BulkWrite`` insert with large documents
     - 96.5%
     - 8.79

   * - Bulk insert with large documents
     - 93.3%
     - 8.11

   * - Bulk insert with small documents
     - 39.3%
     - 5.72

   * - Insert one with large documents
     - 82.4%
     - 7.28

   * - Client ``BulkWrite`` insert with small documents
     - 49.5%
     - 17.99

   * - Collection ``BulkWrite`` insert with small documents
     - 47.8%
     - 6.44

> 

Reviewer 2: S: same heading suggestion

```suggestion
Netty Transport Settings
```````````````````````
```
